# CreateCard

[Official API](https://api-docs.pipefy.com/reference/mutations/createCard/)  
[Implemented Class](../Capgemini.Pipefy/Card/CreateCard.cs)

Creates a card in Pipefy.

## Arguments

### &lt;In&gt; TableID : string

The ID of the table in which the record should be added.

You can find this info from the API or from the link when accessing it through the web.

### &lt;In&gt; AssigneeIDs : long[]

ID of the users to be assigned to the card.

### &lt;In&gt; DueDate : DateTime

The card due date.

> Default: one month from current DateTime.

### &lt;In&gt; DictionaryFields : Dictionary<string, object>

Custom fields for the card (Dictionary).
Each key represents one field. Values are converted to string.

> You can't fill DictionaryFields and DataRowFields at the same time

### &lt;In&gt; DataRowFields : DataRow

Custom fields for the card (DataRow).
Each columns represents one field. Values are converted to string.

> You can't fill DictionaryFields and DataRowFields at the same time

### &lt;In&gt; LabelIDs : long[]

ID of the labels to be added to the card.

### &lt;In&gt; ParentsIDs : long[]

ID of the parent Cards.

### &lt;In&gt; PhaseID : long

ID of the Phase in which the Card should be placed.

### &lt;In&gt; PipeID : string

ID of the Pipe in which the Card should be created.

### &lt;Out&gt; Card : JObject

The created Card summary (JObject).

Example object:

```json
{
    "createdAt": "2019-03-28T16:08:07-03:00",
    "createdBy": {
        "email": "your.email@capgemini.com",
        "id": "12345",
        "name": "Your Name"
    },
    "current_phase": {
        "id": "1234567",
        "name": "Inbox"
    },
    "due_date": "2019-04-10T15:00:00-03:00",
    "expiration": {
        "shouldExpireAt": "2019-06-21T15:00:00-03:00"
    },
    "id": "12345678",
    "url": "http://app.pipefy.com/pipes/123456#cards/12345678"
}
```

### &lt;Out&gt; CardID : long

ID of the created Card.

## Inherited Arguments

### &lt;In&gt; Bearer : string

The Bearer authorization token generated by Pipefy.

### &lt;In&gt; Timeout : int

The timeout limit (in ms) for the request to be completed.

### &lt;Out&gt; Status : string

A brief status message of the result of the action.

### &lt;Out&gt; Success : boolean

True if the action was successful.